{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Programming Assignment: Implementing a Chat Room\
\
Objective: to create a chat room consisting of one server and multiple clients. Clients can either send messages to everyone else that is in the chat room (broadcasting) or they can send private messages to their individual friends (unicasting). Still in the processes of coding the unicasting.\
\
\
Writing an Echo Client-Server Application\
EchoServer.java\
The server is an echo server, which echoes the message it receives from the client. Server accepts an input message from a client and sends back the same message.\
\
EchoUser.java\
The client accepts a host name (or IP address) as well as a port number for the server. The client sends a message (text string) to the server using the connection. When the client receives the message back from the server, it prints it and it exits.\
\
\
Implementing a Broadcast Chat Room Using Mutli-threading\
Server.java\
Server is running on a certain port. Maximum number of clients is 5. After a client connects to the server and sends a message, the message is broadcasted to all clients by the server. The server also announces a new client joining or leaving to all other clients.\
\
User.java\
The client connects to the server using the server\'92s port number and enters its username. Once connection is established, the client can send and receive messages as well as be able to quit the chat room by typing LogOut.\
}